Geralt looked out the palace window for the last time. It was getting dark quickly. Beyond the lake the foggy lights of Vizima were blinking. There is a wasteland around the palace -
a strip of no-man's land with which the city, for six years, fenced itself off from a dangerous place, leaving nothing but ruins, rotten beams and remains
a chipped palisade, which apparently did not pay to disassemble and move. The king himself moved his residence farthest, to the other side of the city.
  — the pot-bellied tower of the new palace loomed black in the distance against the dark blue sky.
The Witcher returned to the dusty table, at which he was preparing in one of the empty, ransacked rooms. Slowly, calmly, thoroughly. Time like
he knew it was enough. The striga will not come out of the crypt until midnight.
On the table in front of him stood a small bound chest. Geralt opened it. It was cramped there, in compartments lined with dry grass, and there were bottles of
dark glass. The Witcher took out three.
He picked up from the floor an oblong bundle, tightly wrapped in sheep skins and tied with a belt. He unfolded it and took it out of the black shiny sheath covered with
rows of runic signs and symbols, a sword with an ornate hilt. The tip sparkled with a perfect mirror shine. The blade was made of pure silver.
Geralt whispered the formula and slowly drank the contents of two bottles, placing his left hand on the head of the sword after each sip. Then, tightly
wrapped in a black cloak, he sat down. On the floor. There was not a single chair in the room. As, indeed, throughout the palace.
He sat motionless, closing his eyes. The breathing, which was smooth at first, suddenly accelerated, became hoarse and restless. And then it stopped completely.
The drug with which the witcher subjugated all the organs of the body mainly consisted of hellebore, datura, hawthorn and milkweed.
The remaining components did not have names in any human language. If Geralt had not been accustomed to such mixtures since childhood, it would have been a deadly poison.